I decided to write about about human
trafficking because it's perhaps the
most compelling justice issue of our
time
we're taught in history class this
slavery ended with the Civil War when in
reality they're more slaves alive in the
world today than ever before
I saw sort of a niche for me to be able
to bring it in fiction fiction has the
power to really change a person's way of
seeing the world so that it really
engages the intellect but it also
engages the heart one of the things I
wanted to do was was to make make it
personal as personal as I could make it
for my readers and so in order to do
that I had to to dive as deep as I could
dive and and be as vulnerable as I could
be in listening and learning so indeed I
did go into the number of welcome
brothels and come up to pour which is
the major red-light district and in
Mumbai thankfully I had a guide I had an
individual who knew his way around and
had the trust of the pimps and the
brothel owners so he was able to sort of
get me in the door as I saw these these
girls who were brought out and it was
all behind closed doors you know the
shades were drawn everything else and
they walked out and they were there for
me to purchase if I wanted to someone
looked at the floor some of them looked
at me I'll never forget you know looking
into their eyes and seeing this void
this this combination of sadness and
fear I realized that I had had a a
life-altering experience that I had not
only seen what I needed to see to write
the story but that it had embedded
itself in may in a very personal way
that I would never forget
if you really empathize and put yourself
in the position as much as you can of a
girl who you know has a life has a
family she finds herself you know
essentially captive to traffickers to
brothel owners and then gets serially
raped over the course of days weeks
months sometimes years it's sort of
unthinkable you really get the horror of
it and all so beautifully the stories of
redemption have an element of hope I
hope that you know reader will will read
the story and really involve him or
herself in the characters and in the
issue so that by the end you know they
can say not only have a read a good book
but I also feel like I know something
more about that world
you